How to build this project
==============

To build the project from its sources, you can use the provided Makefile:<br>
-make unix: Builds the project targeting Unix based systems.<br>
-make windows: Builds the project targeting Windows systems.<br>
-make package: Builds for Unix based and Windows systems and packs the resulting files into a .zip-file, that can be shared. This is the default target.<br>
-make doc: Generates the javadoc-documentation.<br>
-make latex: Generates the the pdf-file.<br>
-make all: Executes package, doc and latex at once.<br><br>
To execute the built project, you need to execute the generated toolbox.sh/toolbox.bat-file.<br><br>
To clean the project you can use the following commands:<br>
-make clean: Deletes the generated files and directories.<br>
-make mrproper: Does the same as "make clean", but also deletes the downloaded build-tools.

How to further develope this project
==============

The makefile has some commands to help you developing this project:<br>
-make develope: Generates parsers from the .scc-files in the src-directory.<br>
-make clean_develope: Deletes the generated parsers.<br><br>
After executing "make develope", you can import the src-directory into the IDE of your choice. Depending on the version of sablecc and your IDE, you may have to mark the directory "de/" (which may be generated by sablecc, depending on the version of sablecc) as an additional source-folder.

Changelog
==============
-Release 1.0 (22-09-2016):<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;-initial release<br><br>

-Release 1.0.1 (07-11-2016):<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;-fixed a bug in the Grammar GUI, where a nonterminal would be shown as a terminal and a nonterminal at the same time<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;-fixed a bug in the Grammar GUI, where a rule would be duplicated, after it has been edited in the GUI<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;-fixed a bug, where the algorithm for calculating the follow sets of a grammar would throw a NullPointerException in some cases<br>

Release Notes
==============
STUPS-Toolbox Release 1.0.1 (07-11-2016)<br>
Written and developed by Fabian Ruhland.<br><br>
This program uses the JUNG2-library to display automatons.<br>
JUNG2 is licensed under the BSD open-source license.<br>
See http://jung.sourceforge.net/site/license.html or the file "lib/JUNG2/JUNG-license.txt" for more information.
